No okay let's do this
hello everybody welcome to the Jazz core
dev team we please think it's March the
19th it's 2019
you're here to give us an update on what
you've been doing what you're currently
blocked on and what you're gonna be
doing next this week I'm putting the
Hagbard in the chat right now so if you
are here please add your name to the
attendees list and if you want to share
an update with us then please write it
down in the in the space where other
people have already filled in their
updates and if you are here from and you
will hear from like a different working
group or a different team then and you'd
like to share an update there's a
section at the bottom of the document
called cross team updates where you can
share your wins piece please feel free
to fill that out and provided we have
time at the end we will go through them
and we'll talk about them so that's
super cool
Jacob is back yeah absolutely that means
we already have a note-taker
because Jacob has already volunteered
himself like the legend he is rad
alright so here we are let's get on with
it it's recording so we're all good all
right so I'll start at the top weekly
update the first-person flash code is
not here at the moment he has been
working on Libby to be Interop doing
some reviewing for async/await pr's
that's cool helping helping debug the
issues that we've been having with the
DHT there has been some performance
issues that we've noticed since we
merged it so it's being cleaned up
that's cool
he is reviewing the gossip sub
implementation that's super rad so
hopefully that's on the way soon he is
he's been working on the pits B
visualization - well that sounds also
very cool he's blocked on some things
there which you can have a look at next
up he is still visualization talling and
lipids we interrupt testing cool okay
that's fresh go you can't ask him
questions but you could do offline if
you so wish
next up is Jacob would you like to share
with us you're up there
so we've got in open PR that's good to
merge I'm just need to do some
interrupts testing with go this is for
switch to actually add known protocols
for peers to the pure info object we
have a place for that we're just not
putting anything there so once this is
done we will actually have a record of
who supports what so if we are running a
DHT for instance and we know that our
peers are running DHT is we could choose
whether or not we actually want to dial
to them based on what they support so we
don't have to just dial and then find
out later because that is wasteful yeah
so hopefully I'll get to the interrupt
for that this week and get that released
I've been working on the DHT performance
issues with Jas ipfs with that we were
introducing a basic dialing you to the
switch previously the only cueing we did
was dials in progress to a specific peer
this wolfram queued them all up so that
we're not spamming like a hundred dial
requests to a given peer when we start
up so that should help with performance
just testing out this week fixed a
couple issues with the stream mixers as
a result of testing all that I'm going
to be looking at some open pull requests
for pulling the prefix
bashko and I have been added to that
repo to help maintain it so there are a
couple of outstanding issues with like
empty pull streams that can cause issues
so I'll probably look at that this week
and then notice some logs in switch and
circuit we're being strings were being
formatted prior to like and then inject
it into the logging and then when
logging is not enabled that's super
wasteful because we're creating strings
we don't need so correctly some of those
issues so formatting will only actually
happen when logging occurs this week
yeah working on interrupt testing for
the peer protocols finished testing
dialing to you I need to unblock
interrupt for the daemon Lib p2p so that
will be an update to the client to fix
multi adder stuff
and then q1 retrospective and q2
planning that is it any questions
fantastic Thank You Jacob if there are
no questions we'll move on I am up next
so here we go hold on to your seats I
lowered so okay so we've been testing
out the DHT and we found that actually
the default the default connection
manager limits for the DHT as it stands
right now are a little bit high so we've
lowered them soo I think goes limits are
around 900 peers so we've lowered them
temporarily to around 600 which is kind
of adequate for the sort of performance
we have at the moment with new PHP so
we'll raise them as we as it gets better
but that's just kind of load them to a
more acceptable and a reasonable limit
for now so they're just default so you
can change them but yeah so if I made
that book worse
I made a fix for a few IDs cat a file
like if you've got like a hash plus a
path to a file it didn't work so who
that was bad if you had like a hash and
then a filename then that would work but
as soon as you traversed into a
directory it was not working and that
was and I can't believe it hadn't been
reported earlier but it is now fixed so
that's good
I've released last week the IPS HTTP
client version 30.1 extra endpoint one
and and that actually reduces the bundle
size since we kind of started on bundle
size stuff which is a single version 28
point something and it's now like 33
percent or so smaller which is just
incredible and that's all thank you
thank you to Hugo what else oh yes so
alex has has sent a PR for adding the
dag HTTP API which I've reviewed I think
it's just pending CI stuff now so that
should hopefully make it into 0:45 and
then I spent today fixing oh who knew in
some file systems the precision for like
if you stat file the precision for EM
tine is seconds and that's what it
was but most file systems now report a
millisecond precision film time so yeah
weirdly in CI in Mac OS the M time
precision is in seconds not milliseconds
so we don't weren't seeing this locally
or in other environments on C I just Mac
OS that was a fun one to kind of track
down and so anyway that's that should
hopefully be fixed now what's up so next
next up I am going to hopefully merge
that daggits the API IPR so this is all
stuff gang zero clarify that at all
basically I need to review that
Lippe to be switched on in q PR that
Jacob mentioned that I said I'd do a
long time ago but I didn't get around to
it yet and just some more testing with
the DHT and then hopefully get on the
release train and check all the examples
around and check all of the tests for
other projects for passing and you know
do all of the dancing that needs to
happen for releasing a new version and
then yeah if I still have time then more
work towards they think iterators I
think I actually did some work this week
towards C I D be one base 52 I've got a
can't remember well and I haven't listed
it out so you'll just have to take my
word for it anyway any questions ok
right all right let's move on then next
up is Hugo mr. d ass hey guys so are we
working on on the log file stuff are
they the public quests to fix it fix the
lock when the system is busy or the
event loop is busy or else the system is
sleeping or the event loop is busy then
reviewed the fix from Alan about seconds
and you a second stuff also other the
Windows testing to a couple of
to be repost oh yeah so vo support
research yeah I also did a lot of
research in debt and I will continue
this week on that boat too and
everything else was related to bundle
sighs I'm really close to finishing
finishing everything the repo is done
HTTP is done Jessup EFS is mostly done I
think I only need like web soccer star
multi to be margin released and probably
a subject sometimes star running out
just to make sure everything works but
hopefully I'll finish this in time for
the release I'm blocked on the
async/await from multi ash in sync
poly quests and I'll be working on this
view sport and async iterators I also
like to get some feedback from you guys
because as I went back to the jsf TFS
besides book requests I noticed at least
two or three dependency ripples were
like already with problems that I fixed
the first time I went through everything
so we really need to make to find a way
to make sure we keep our panel sizes
small but it's not easy because they
require the requires that maintainers be
more careful reviewing requests we can
try to make some of some rules and
little rules but it's not really easy we
have a each year the analyze option on
the build comment that should help a lot
to make sure
nothing like out of the ordinary
gets in the bundle and also some of at
least some of the big ripples will have
the bundle sighs check that will also
make it make more make it more visible
that's a Pollock bias either reduces or
increases the bundle sighs Maria if
anyone has some ideas how to improve
this I'll probably make some guidelines
finally find someplace to write it down
so everyone can like read it and every
time you need to like go back to that
stuff you'll at least have a place where
you can look into some of the some of
the best practice and some guidelines
but yeah if you have any feedback about
this please and me those ideas yeah fits
though anyone is
questions for me cool
okay thank you you go alright next up is
okay Zayn is not here but he has been
working on async/await refactoring and
he is going to be addressing poor
comments next up is Volcker would you
like to show us your update yes mm-hmm
hey Chris so hope my Appetit so I've
spent the week on the fuscus conference
so I haven't done that much but I dare
to put the new LP IP LD changes into my
blog section because I really love to
get this merge soon so 11 would be great
if you have time soon so it doesn't slip
into another week that would be great so
that the short version is I've now added
so the I hope that everyone agrees now
is that we now have methods for getting
single items and methods for getting
multiple items for all operations so we
have put put many ket get many and
remove remove many and this hopefully
yeah so if I get a pool I will merge it
and then yeah we can cover it up draw
the dependencies I have PRS almost
pretty for all the dependencies that we
care about and then yeah hopefully it
happens this week that's all I have okay
thank you for any questions I already
have a question but I just wanted to say
I'm I don't just been focusing on them
0:35 for the significant time period
that I haven't been able to circle back
to looking into internet but I'm aware
there's a whole bunch of comments and
bike heading that have been going on but
like I would recommend you if you're
happy with it then you should ship it
and
and we can change it afterwards it's
just another version number another
breaking change hopefully it's it's
close to what what we want and we might
not get it right the first time so yeah
that's all I can say all right next up
then is Alex would he'd like to share
with us your update three years hi so
yeah so I merged a whole bunch of stuff
fixing bugs there was problem with
creating or updating deep suburbs of ham
charts that is fixed and shipped out
that some ps4 game unix FS exported to
export CID objects instead of string
hashes that is shipped which is great
because like the amount of times that we
switch between string buffer CID object
to a string to a buffer to a cio it is
mind-blowing in in our code base so yeah
hopefully that should happen as much now
yeah so as I said during the day by
expressing that to over HTTP from J sake
fest which is cool because it will get
us that much further along to you know
feature parity so that sure you get to
be merged like in the next day or two
there was a problem with go I go FS
problem well they fixed a problem where
he when you do an LS of a hash all the
file sizes that came back included the
protobuf wrapper which is of use to no
one unless you're really interested in
how ipfs those files and so it was
changed to reflect the actual file size
of the file that you've imported say oh
is bringing Jace I kept us in line with
that and so that's done and shipped and
then yeah Andrew Nesbitt was over last
week for a few days and we worked
together on working out that asks for
the other working groups for
expenditures so I'm going to finish
right now get those you know outstanding
PR as merged and be me probably any
questions
under Wow awesome thank you Alex
aside from getting those that fix that
the file sizes and the bag haich-d API
there is one error in CI that needs to
be fixed and I think we're pretty much
ready to ship
0:35 barring a little bit of testing so
yeah getting getting really close really
excited alright next up is no there's no
one else in Europe we've done cross team
updates Hey okay do they have time yes
we've got ten minutes
awesome so first that we have Terri
would you like to share your update yes
so this is a repeat but in case any but
it was none last week just a heads up
that I am working on a roadmap for a
proto school which will be in theory a
top-level project as of next quarter and
my roadmap depends on your roadmap
because I want to make sure we have the
right tutorial content for ipfs so I
have included a link there to an issue
specifically about what ipfs content
you'd like to see in for the school so
if you have any ideas please drop them
there this is how we're going to go down
the right path and it's also how we're
going to make sure that proto school is
staff to the way it needs to be to build
the content that we want space
meet it I pressed the
did me you have to believe me on that
Thank You Terry does anyone have any
questions helps if I look at the screen
cool okay and no questions for Terry
thank you
Ali's here would you like to show us a
GUI update hello we released some stuff
that's some bad code you don't see that
thing install IBM as desktop now because
it's called ode or someone which is an
increment on from any previous one you
could have possibly installed and it
looks great and it does all things wrong
and if you install it you might want to
enable some analytics that I can see you
using it in a respectful and
privacy-preserving way and it's all
thank you thank you only any questions
for Olli you better go an installer I'll
know if you haven't
you got the analytics working them so
it's not really respecting privacy it's
respectful enough for you old man
you'll only know presumably if we check
the checkbook how was the joke Alan
alright alright fun times now lie -
you're a next up just like wicked that a
revoke rework main menu of I fifth
companion landed in the better channel
along further stuff but basically I
don't think I mentioned the previous
better so basically if you installed the
latest better you can also like this all
those small tweaks yep so just would
love if anyone to set it and report it
back there's a link in the release notes
when you can provide feedback about the
visual part just let's say on Mac or on
Windows specifically if you see any
visual artifacts or stuff like that cuz
it's like in the past it was hard to
make it try look right on every platform
and that's all thank you later
that's very cool any questions for light
or quickly alright last but not least we
have Jim pick through the weekend and I
put together a new Pinner for pier pad
which means I'll be able to launch like
your pad like the new code into
production because we're going to be
able to guarantee that the data that you
put in there will be saved in pin to
ipfs cluster so it's lots of black magic
behind this are going to try to document
it and maybe make a little presentation
for it
that's very cool I was on a call earlier
in the week and we used pier pad and it
it worked
way better than it did for a long time
ago when we tried it for this call so if
it's gonna be shipped and live and
awesome again then we should give it
another go and and don't read it on this
cool as well
yeah it's definitely needs a bit more
testing by that the fact that it doesn't
lose the date or keeps the data forever
will be good assuming the IP fast
cluster stays around forever
cool all right so the only other notes
is I'm not in tomorrow and the IPO de
bi-weekly meeting has moved free out
three hours later to 9:30 to 10:00 UTC
cool just a final note to say hello and
welcome to anyone who hasn't been on a
school before if you'd like to say
anything now then please go ahead
I've always Chris is hey Chris Anderson
I got my first full request into the
multi address project couple weeks ago
that shaker excellent job and just a
quick note about that I peeled the
meeting change its we wanted to
accommodate rod bags in Australia that's
why I'm still later so the only time
where everybody is awake nice and Rob
bagg is now working on IP ID things so
that is why that is interesting cool
all right anyone else for any more Hey
nice to have you all right if we're all
done it's been lovely to see all your
faces again and I can't wait to see in
the next week for another exciting round
of what undid not last week what I'm
gonna do this week and other than that
all I have to say is bye